git-difftool: add page (#4127)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/git-difftool.md

# git difftool

> > Show changes to files using external diff tools. Takes the same options and arguments as git diff.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Show file changes using external diff tools. Takes the same options and arguments as git diff.
```
What does the second sentence mean, though?

Author: It uses the same options and arguments as `git diff`..?

If `git diff --foo bar` is valid, then `git difftool --foo bar` is also valid.

Reviewer: I think `Accepts` would be more clear than `takes` then. Just my take.
